Document saga data migration script (#4462)
Particular/docs.particular.net: persistence/mongodb/migrating-from-tekmaven.md

### How Document Versioning Works

include: document-version

## Compatibility mode

> The compatibility mode enables the MongoDB persistence to work with existing saga data without modifications to the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compatibility mode allows the MongoDB persistence to work with saga data created with the `NServiceBus.Persistence.MongoDB` package without modifications to the database.
```

### Configuration

> Use the following compatibility API to configure the package to work with existing saga data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following API to configure the package to work with existing saga data:
```

snippet: MongoDBTekmavenCompatibility

The `VersionElementName` value must match the `BsonDocument` element name used by the previous saga data property decorated with the `[DocumentVersion]` attribute.

include: must-apply-conventions-for-version

## Migrating data

> Alternatively to the compatibility mode, the existing saga data can be migrated to the data format used by the `NServiceBus.Storage.MongoDB` package. This approach requires the endpoint to be stopped during the migration. Use the `mongo` Shell to connect to the database and execute the following script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative to compatibility mode, saga data created by the `NServiceBus.Persistence.MongoDB` package can be migrated to the data format used by the `NServiceBus.Storage.MongoDB` package. This approach requires the endpoint to be stopped during the migration. Use the `mongo` shell to connect to the database and execute the following script:
```

> Alternatively to the compatibility mode, the existing saga data can be migrated to the data format used by the `NServiceBus.Storage.MongoDB` package. This approach requires the endpoint to be stopped during the migration. Use the `mongo` Shell to connect to the database and execute the following script:

Reviewer: Technically, they don't need to stop the endpoint though doing it in-flight introduces some challenges. I think we're okay to leave the recommendation as-is but mentioning it in case others disagree.

Author: yeah I think it's safer to recommend to stop and migrate rather than doing this on a live system. if they are experienced with MongoDB they would figure this out themselves I think?

```javascript
db.getCollectionNames().forEach(collectionName => {
    db[collectionName].updateMany({
        Originator: { $exists: true },
        OriginalMessageId: { $exists: true }
    },
    {
        $rename: { "Version": "_version" }
    })
});
```

Replace `"Version"` with the name of the version property on the saga data which was previously decorated with the `[DocumentVersion]` attribute.

> WARNING: Make sure to create a backup of the database prior to migrating the saga data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: Be sure to create a backup of the database prior to migrating the saga data.
```
